utils/README.md, before:

# final test?

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Description
uehfosh

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Installation <a id='installation'></a>
aufha

## Usage <a id='usage'></a>
euefhe

## Contributing <a id='contributing'></a>
uefhsa

## License <a id='license'></a>
This project is licensed under the MIT License.


    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: 


    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 


    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

https://opensource.org/license/mit/

## Tests <a id='tests'></a>
fudhfv

## Questions <a id='questions'></a>
Want to see more of my work? You can check out my Github profile by clicking my username below!

Github: [nikkivno](https://github.com/nikkivno) 

For any other questions or inquiries please feel free to reach out to my via email:

Email: gmail.com

Commit message:

readme file done using my own generator

utils/README.md, after:

# READ ME Generator (Bootcamp Challenge #9)

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Description
In this project I am exploring the functions and uses of Node.js by creating a form that is presented in the user's computer terminal with questions intended to fill in the blanks of a README.md file. This information is then put together using the inquirer npm and File System and is formatted into a professional README.md file.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Installation <a id='installation'></a>
For a user to access this file, they need to open their terminal and direct themselves to the folder they have their code stored in. Once in the overarching file they can type in {node injex.js} and prompts will appear in the terminal for them to fill out. Once all information is collected they can go into their folder on VS code or wherever they wwork on code and see the generated README.md file. 

## Usage <a id='usage'></a>
The main use for this tool is to allow users to get a professional and cohesive README.md file EVERY time they do a project.All they have to do is essentially fill in the blanks. No more worrying about if you missed something important. 

## Contributing <a id='contributing'></a>
Below are listed some resources I used to complete this project:

## License <a id='license'></a>
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: 

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

https://opensource.org/license/mit/

## Tests <a id='tests'></a>


## Questions <a id='questions'></a>
Want to see more of my work? You can check out my Github profile by clicking my username below!

Github: [nikkivno](https://github.com/nikkivno) 

For any other questions or inquiries please feel free to reach out to my via email:

Email: nikkivigneault@gmail.com
